Fe name degree instead of order (#1994)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/examples/multiphysics/warming-up-a-viscous-fluid/warming-up-a-viscous-fluid.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The degree of polynomial interpolation for the ``velocity``, ``pressure`` and ``temperature`` are given in the subsection FEM:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The polynomial degrees for the ``velocity``, ``pressure`` and ``temperature`` are given in the subsection FEM:
```

* Study the **sensitivity to the time step**, namely to assess how large the ``time step`` can be before stating any difference in the heat transfer solution.
* Test a **different time integration scheme** and see if there is any difference in the computational cost and/or the precision with regards to the analytical solution.

> * See how the **resolution order** (``velocity degree``, ``pressure degree`` and ``temperature degree``) affects the precision with regards to the analytical solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See how the **degree of the polynomial interpolation** (``velocity degree``, ``pressure degree`` and ``temperature degree``) affects the precision with regards to the analytical solution.
```

> * See how the **resolution order** (``velocity degree``, ``pressure degree`` and ``temperature degree``) affects the precision with regards to the analytical solution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* See how the **polynomial degree** (``velocity degree``, ``pressure degree`` and ``temperature degree``) affects the accuracy with regards to the analytical solution.
```
